well howdy there internet people it's
beau gown
so today we're gonna talk about doing
things in a hurry getting stuff done
being productive
doing stuff without delay and fulfilling
our obligations
we're gonna do this because the
president of the united states is going
all
in on this appointment he wants it done
he wants it done now
without delay he says and i get it it
makes sense
it makes sense from his point of view in
the senate
they seem more than willing to oblige
him
that makes sense to me too i get it i
understand that point of view too
because the president has a long and
illustrious history of choosing the
right person for the job
that's like his thing it's what he's
done his entire life like he did with
michael cohen
or steve bannon or rex tillerson
or john bolton or john
kelly these are all people who he hired
thought were wonderful
and then had to fire and go on twitter
and basically call him competent and
bully because he can't accept
responsibility for his own actions and
poor hiring practices
then there's another list of people who
he hired and thought were wonderful and
they he had to fire them but didn't
really go after him too much
on twitter and then there's also the
people who he hired he thought they were
wonderful and they wound up with mug
shots
as i said the president is really good
at this i'm sure that these are just
flukes
and there's no reason to worry about
vetting
a candidate recommended by a person with
a long and illustrious history of being
an utter failure
when it comes to hiring there's no
reason to worry about vetting them
especially considering it's i mean
that's only a lifetime appointment
why would we need to worry about this
it's only going to matter for
i don't know the next three decades
we'll be all right it's totally okay
for the senate to forgo their
constitutional obligation to consent and
advise
makes sense to me i get it i get it it's
not
that those in the senate
just don't have a spine and are
putting their party before their country
and
don't understand that the purpose of
the supreme court is to interpret the
constitution
and not actually make policy maybe maybe
they don't understand that
but anyway it makes sense
because this the congress the
legislative branches
it's not like they're a co-equal branch
of government who are supposed to serve
as a check on executive power or
anything
it's not like that's how the
constitution was actually laid out
but it was and perhaps now would be the
opportune time
to try to reclaim some of that power
right before the election because right
now mitch mcconnell there's a whole
bunch of people wondering
how when one supreme court person is
lost you're ready to go
however when 200 000 americans are you
don't care
and this goes for the rest of the
republicans in the senate
don't think we don't notice that when it
comes to
shoring up your power all of a sudden
y'all are
ready to go y'all are incredibly active
but when it comes to helping out the
little guy
well you don't seem to care very much we
see it
it's crystal clear you're willing to
undermine the constitution do whatever
that man in the oval office says
as long as you can get his crumbs we got
it we understand
and believe me it's influencing some
decisions
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day